[Storage] improving documentation (#16945)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/storage/azblob/README.md

> 

Reviewer: I think this title should actually be **Azure Blob Storage client module for Go**. I see that other SDKs call it "Azure Storage Blobs" but the service is called "Azure Blob Storage." Thoughts?

Author: I think it's better to be consistent across SDKs. I think we've also had this discussion about Tables in the past.

Reviewer: I talked to Kyle and he linked me to our style guide which says to use "Azure Blob Storage" so we should use that. And we'll work on getting the other SDKs updated to follow the same convention since we definitely want to be consistent.

## Introduction

The Microsoft Azure Storage SDK for Go allows you to build applications that takes advantage of Azure's scalable cloud storage.

> This SDK replaces the previously previewed [azblob package](https://github.com/azure/azure-storage-blob-go).

Reviewer: We should use beta/stable to refer to our libraries and preview/GA to refer to our services.
```suggestion
This is the new beta client library for Azure Blob Storage, which follows our [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Go](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/golang_introduction.html) and replaces the previous beta [azblob package](https://github.com/azure/azure-storage-blob-go).
```

### Prerequisites

* Go versions 1.16 or higher

> * You must have an [Azure storage account][azure_storage_account]. If you need to create one, you can use the [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash) to create one with these commands (replace `"my-resource-group"` and `"myStorageAccount"` with your own unique names):

Reviewer 2: Lowercase letters only for storage account `myStorageAccount`. Can you also validate nomenclature for resource group as well?

	(Optional) if you want a new resource group to hold the Storage Account:
	```
	az group create --name my-resource-group --location westus2
	```
	Create the storage account:
	```

> 	az storage account create --resource-group my-resource-group --name my-storage-account

Reviewer 2: same as above. No hyphen in storage account.

	```

	The storage account name can be queried with:
	```
	az storage account show -n mystorageaccount -g MyResourceGroup --query "primaryEndpoints.blob"
	```
	You can set this as an environment variable with:
	```pwsh

> 	$ENV:AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME="mystorageaccount"

Reviewer 2: This is quite specific to Windows. Either we provide way for both Unix and Window or we can just ask them to setup on their own by specifying what env vars need to be set.

Author: Added portion for bash

### Install the package

> * Install the Azure blob storage for Go with `go get`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install the Azure Blob Storage package for Go with `go get`:
```
